app/code/community/Symmetrics/TrustedRating/                                app/code/community/Symmetrics/TrustedRating/
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/trustedrating.xml               app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/trustedrating.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/trustedrating/                app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/trustedrating/
app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/trustedrating.xml                   app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/trustedrating.xml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/trustedrating/                    app/design/frontend/base/default/template/trustedrating/
app/etc/modules/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.xml                                app/etc/modules/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.xml
app/locale/de_AT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/de_AT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/de_BE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/de_BE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/de_CH/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/de_CH/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/de_DE/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html      app/locale/de_DE/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html
app/locale/de_DE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/de_DE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/de_LI/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/de_LI/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/de_LU/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/de_LU/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/en_US/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html      app/locale/en_US/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html
app/locale/es_AR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_AR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_BO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_BO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_CL/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_CO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_CR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_DO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_DO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_EC/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_EC/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_ES/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html      app/locale/es_ES/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html
app/locale/es_ES/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_ES/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_GT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_GT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_HN/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_HN/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_MX/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_NI/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_NI/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_PA/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_PA/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_PE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_PE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_PR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_PR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_PY/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_PY/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_SV/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_SV/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_US/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_US/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_UY/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_UY/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/es_VE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/fr_BE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/fr_BE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/fr_CA/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/fr_CH/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/fr_CH/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html      app/locale/fr_FR/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html
app/locale/fr_FR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/fr_FR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/fr_LU/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/fr_LU/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/fr_MC/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/fr_MC/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/fr_SN/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/fr_SN/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html      app/locale/pl_PL/template/trustedrating/email/trustedrating_email.html
app/locale/pl_PL/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                               app/locale/pl_PL/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
skin/adminhtml/default/default/images/trustedrating/                        skin/adminhtml/default/default/images/trustedrating/
skin/frontend/base/default/css/symmetrics/trustedrating.css                 skin/frontend/base/default/css/symmetrics/trustedrating.css
skin/frontend/base/default/images/trustedrating                             skin/frontend/base/default/images/trustedrating
skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_de.gif                           skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_de.gif
skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_en.gif                           skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_en.gif
skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_es.gif                           skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_es.gif
skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_fr.gif                           skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_fr.gif
skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_pl.gif                           skin/frontend/base/default/images/bewerten_pl.gif